1. The grid-auto-rows and grid-auto-columns properties in css grids are used to set the size of the row and column
in a grid container.

2. But, this property only affects those rows and columns in which size is not set or not predefined in the grid 
container using grid-template-rows or grid-template-columns property.

3. Also, Note that **** The grid-template-rows and grid-templates-columns property over-rides the grid-auto-rows and
grid-auto-columns property for size of rows and columns in a grid container if size is predefined using the grid 
template properties****

4. Examples: (a)  .parent{
                       display: grid;
                       grid-auto-rows:200px;
                       grid-auto-columns:100px;
                      }
                
                Now, in the above code we defined the auto row and column sizes so since template sizes of rows and
                columns are not defined hence, automatically now every row take the size defined in the auto grid
                property i.e. 200px and every column will the take the size of 100px as defined in grid-auto-column
                property.

             (b) .parent{
                       display: grid;
                       grid-template-rows: 100px 200px 300px;
                       grid-auto-rows: 250px;
                     }

                Now, in the above code snippet for first 3 rows the sizes of rows are predefined by grid template
                properties i.e. now grid-auto-property will be over-rided by template properties and grid auto
                property will not be applied for the first 3 rows in the grid container but since, if we make more
                rows than 3 in our grid container, as their sizes are not defined by the template properties
                by us. So, in that case the grid-auto-rows will come into picture and now other than 1st 3 rows
                all other remaining rows will inherit the size defined by grid-auto-row property i.e. 250px.
                
                Similarly, the grid-auto-columns property also work only on the column sizes which are not
                defined by the user in grid container using the template properties.